a tedious obsession with my
personal business you know matters of
the fur
boudoir rhubarb i've said too much
it's a private matter
there are a few more pandas in the
public eye around here that would
relieve the pressure on me a bit
the wider bear community has its fair
share of familiar faces
looky poo podsy and of course my dear
old friend paddington but
can you name me another well-known
panda hmm well there's there's duncan
brooks
the face of the world where i'm both fun
lovely photo smashing storyteller matter
of fact
next actually bomb on the after dinner
speaking circuit
and there's me i'm not counting that
kung fu panda po he is no ambassador for
our brethren let me tell you
we abhor confrontation
i wouldn't have a nunchuck from up from
from a from a from a clarinet
[Music]
you